Support the MSVC and GCC & add `--cc-flags` command line argument & Update `swift-argument-parser` to version `1.2.0` (#450)
val-lang/val: README.md

- `--emit raw-ir`: Lower the typed AST into Val IR and output the result in a file.
- `--emit ir`: Run mandatory IR passes and output the result in a file.
- `--emit cpp`: Produce a C++ source file.

> - `--emit binary` (default): Produce an executable (Clang / MSVC / GCC is required for now).

Reviewer: I'd rather have the command line accept an explicit parameter to select the C++ compiler to use and default to clang if the flag isn't set. Val will only grow closer to clang as time goes, so it makes sense to be opinionated here.

- `--emit raw-ir`: Lower the typed AST into Val IR and output the result in a file.
- `--emit ir`: Run mandatory IR passes and output the result in a file.
- `--emit cpp`: Produce a C++ source file.
- `--emit binary` (default): Produce an executable 

>   - `Clang` / `MSVC` / `GCC` is required for now. But only `Clang` has received the formal support.

Reviewer: After discussing with other contributors, we've decided that it's better to not even mention support for other compilers. We'll target clang and the ability to use another compiler if you want, without any guarantee.
```suggestion
```

>   - The default CXXCompiler is `Clang`
>   - If you want to use a compiler other than `Clang`, please use `--CXXCompiler gcc` or `--CXXCompiler msvc`
>   - If you want to use MSVC, be sure to use Visual Studio Developer Command Prompt or Visual Studio Developer PowerShell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note: by default, C++ files will be compiled with clang. Use `--cc /some/c++/compiler` to use another compiler.
  - Note to MSVC users: be sure to use Visual Studio Developer Command Prompt or Visual Studio Developer PowerShell.
```

- `--emit raw-ir`: Lower the typed AST into Val IR and output the result in a file.
- `--emit ir`: Run mandatory IR passes and output the result in a file.
- `--emit cpp`: Produce a C++ source file.
- `--emit binary` (default): Produce an executable 
  - Note: by default, C++ files will be compiled with `Clang`. Use `--cc {CXX compiler}` to use another compiler.

>   - Note: You can specify parameters for the CXX compiler to use. like `--cc-flags O3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note: You can specify parameters for the CXX compiler to use (e.g., `--cc-flags O3`).
```

    - Note: Don't add an extraneous `-`, please use `O3` instead of `-O3`. 
    - Note to MSVC users: Don't add an extraneous `/`, please use `O1` instead of `/O1`. 

>     - You can also add more than one such parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You can also add more than one parameter (e.g., `--cc-flags O1 g`)
```
Or maybe I misunderstood your point here.

Another question I have, what happens if we want to pass a flag with an argument?
That can be addressed in a separate PR if this one doesn't support it.

Author: > Another question I have, what happens if we want to pass a flag with an argument?

Let's do that later in another PR

Author: Actually we need `--cc-flags O1 --cc-flags g` instead `--cc-flags O1 g` I'm going to make this clear
